Remove a broken link (#18914)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/html/howto/use_data_attributes/index.md

Do not store content that should be visible and accessible in data attributes, because assistive technology may not access them. In addition, search crawlers may not index data attributes' values.

> The main issues to consider are Internet Explorer support and performance. Internet Explorer 11+ provides support for the standard, but all earlier versions [do not support `dataset`](https://caniuse.com/#feat=dataset). To support IE 10 and under you need to access data attributes with {{domxref("Element.getAttribute", "getAttribute()")}} instead. Also, the performance of reading data-attributes compared to storing this data in a regular JS object is poor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main issues to consider are Internet Explorer support and performance. Internet Explorer 11+ provides support for the standard, but all earlier versions [do not support `dataset`](https://caniuse.com/#feat=dataset). To support IE 10 and under you need to access data attributes with {{domxref("Element.getAttribute", "getAttribute()")}} instead. Also, the performance of reading `data-*` attributes compared to storing the data in a regular JavaScript object is poor.
```
